[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Bob Bailey, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see how
to add a user to a Video Cloud
account.
You may have other people
in your organization
who will be working
on your online videos.
You can easily give them access
to your Video Cloud account.
From the Video Cloud
Studio homepage,
click the Admin menu,
and then User Management.
You will need to be an
administrator for the account
to access the user settings.
To add a new user,
click Add User.
Enter the email address
and first and last name
of the new user.
Next, choose the user's role,
standard or administrator.
Standard users will not have
access to the Admin menu.
You can also turn off
access to one or more
of the Video Cloud modules.
After you make your
selections, click Save,
and the new user
will automatically
receive an email
notice informing them
of their Video Cloud account.
The bottom of the page
will list all the users.
For each user, you can see
their role, the modules
they have access to,
and the last time they
logged into Video Cloud Studio.
Note that this is the last
login to Video Cloud Studio.
It is not tied to a specific
Video Cloud account.
To edit a user,
click on the user
to display the user
details, make any changes,
and click Save.
To delete a user, click the
Delete icon next to the user.